These are the terms and conditions governing the use of this Service and the agreement that operates between You and the Company. These Terms and Conditions of Use set out the rights and obligations of all users regarding the use of the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms and Conditions. These Terms and Conditions apply to all authorized users, visitors and others who access or use the Service.

Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your acceptance of and compliance with the Privacy Policy of the Company. Our Privacy Policy can be found on our website (https://teledentistry.com) and describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information when You use the Application or the Website and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You. Please read Our Privacy Policy carefully before using Our Service.

If you are a patient or acting on behalf of a patient Your access to and use of the Service is also conditioned on Your consent to participate in a teledentistry consultation in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth below in the section entitled:  "Patient Consent to Participation in a Teledentistry Consultation."  If you do not agree to these term terms and condition or do not desire to give Your consent to participate in a teledentistry consultation in accordance with the "Patient Consent to Participate in a Teledentistry Consultation, you may not access the Service.

If You Are A Dental Provider, a "Covered Entity", or a Business Associate, as those terms are Defined in Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended, You and the Company (each, a "Party") each agree to the "Business Associate Terms and Conditions" set forth below; provided, however, that if You and the Company have entered into a separate Business Associate Agreement, the terms of that agreement shall prevail and the Business Associate Terms and Conditions set forth below shall not apply.

By checking the box that states: "I accept Terms and Conditions of Use" and clicking the "Submit" button, or by downloading, accessing or using the Service, You agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, Our Privacy Policy and, if you are a patient or acting on behalf of a patient, you also agree to be bound by the Patient Consent to Participation in a Teledentistry Consultation. If You disagree with any part of these Terms and Conditions, then You may not access the Service.